What if something unhappy happens?
Come find me
Do you still have me as a friend?
Xiaoxin
Get up, you'll catch a cold like this
Once upon a time, there was a little rabbit
I'm having a great time.
Suddenly one day
He met Mr. Tai Chi Xiong
Mr. Tai Chi Xiong thinks he is very pitiful
Saved him
My hands are itchy by my side, hahahaha, be careful.
Be careful, hahaha, this is
This is a little bunny in love with Mr. Teddy Bear.
But Mr. Teddy Bear just felt sorry for him.
Yeah, bunny.
It wasn't intentional.
There are even women here
Haha, Xiaoxian doesn't blame him.
Brother doesn't blame him
But when should I go?
There's more to keep him happy
Listen to me and everything will be fine.
Leave him alone.
You are just a doctor
That's not what your doctor does, is it?
What about you? What do you take him for?